So, I have what I've been told
is a moral dilemma.
Whatever your gut is telling
you, do the opposite.
That's what I thought at first,
so I switched,
but that made me think
I should switch again.
So now where am I?
I'm going back
to my phone.
Give me a nudge
when she gets to it.
Patrick's getting married.
And the phone is down.
I feel like he and Christy
just broke up.
They did.
Men are pigs.
Unless he reconnected
with a long-lost love.
In that case, aw.
It's the fitness model.
He hid the ring
in her "a-sigh" bowl.
It thought it was "a-kye."
You're both wrong.
It's "ah-sigh-ee."
Who cares how you say it?
It's just sherbert.
Actually, it's "sher-bit."
Okay, good-bye.
Stop.
How's Christy taking it?
She doesn't know.
Welcome to
the aforementioned dilemma.
Why haven't you told her?
Because Adam's taking me away
for a romantic weekend
at a spa resort in Reno.
Ooh...
Oh...
In theory, "Oh..."
But how can I enjoy
making sweet love to Adam
in our room
with partial mountain view
when I keep getting FaceTimed
by a puffy-eyed Christy?
Partial view?
I thought he loved you.
Go back to your phone.
Bonnie, part of
being a mother
is putting your
child before you.
That child is 40 years old,
and this child has never had
a hot stone massage.
Oh, Marjorie,
it's just two days.
Let her have some fun.
She's looking at a lifetime
of partial views.
Exactly. I can just as easily
crush my daughter's world
on Monday.
And maybe bring her
a Reno snow globe
to soften the blow.
She hates those things.
Not everyonedoes.
[whispers]: Dilemma over.
I think she knows.
We can't be sure.
It might be something I did.
Oh, please be
something I did.
What's the matter, honey?
Patrick's getting married.
[sniffles]
He posted on Instagram.
He gave her a ring
in an "ah-cha-chi" bowl.
Actually...
Let her have this.
♪
[blows]
You want a hit?
No. No, thanks. I already had
a log of cookie dough for lunch.
I just don't understand
how Patrick
can get over me so fast.
I'm a catch.
It's not you-- my brother
just can't live alone.
So what,
he'll just marry anyone?
What do the towels
in his bathroom say?
"His and Whoever"?
Babe, you're just taking shorts
and T-shirts to Reno, right?
Yeah. It's gonna be hot.Oh. It's gonna be hot.
Oh. Right.
[whispers]:
It's gonna be sohot.
I can still hear you.
Honey, are you gonna be
okay this weekend?
Why don't you make plans
with the girls?
Jill's busy, Wendy's working,
and Marjorie and Victor
are spending the weekend
rediscovering their love.
Oosh.
Ugh.
[shudders]
[sighs]
I need some chocolate syrup.
This isn't sweet enough.
I'm worried about her.
Me, too. You think
we should postpone this trip?
No way. I can still worry about
her while I'm on top of you
looking at some mountain
and some parking lot.
You know, honey, we could
go away together anytime.
I would not take it
personally
if you went with
her instead of me.
[clicks tongue]
You're so sweet.
So what's the sporting event
you don't want to miss
this weekend?
I'll admit,
when I booked this trip,
that I did not know
Edmonton and Calgary
would make it to a game seven.
And let me guess--
those two teams
don't like each other very much.
Oh, it's gonna get
a little chippy.
But I really do think
that you should take her
and get her mind off Patrick.
Trust me, she's gonna be okay.
She's stronger than she looks,
thanks to a lifetime
of disappointment.
We didn't have
any chocolate syrup,
so I just rolled it
in sugar and Froot Loops.
I might have invented
something great.
♪
You are so lucky
to have Adam.
What a sweet guy
to give up his trip for me.
He shouldn't get
the credit for this.
This was my idea.
He pushed back pretty
hard, but I said, "No,
my Christy needs this."
I half believed you
until you said "my Christy."
Yeah, I got greedy.
You know, it'd be a lot easier
for you to forget Patrick
if you got off his
Instagram page.
I'm not looking at him.
I'm looking at the giant ring
he gave her.
How many karats
do you think that is?
Am I focusing on
the massive one
in the middle or the little
ones worshipping it?
Not helpful.
All it tells me is
someone's overcompensating.
Actually, no.
He was pretty good
in that department.
Really?
He looks like a guy
who'd have a wee dingle.
A wee dingle?
Yeah. Like a strawberry
peeking up out of the leaves.
You can tell
by looking at a guy?
Measure the distance between
their eyes, multiply by three.
This is what it
would look like on me.
Yeah, but if you
took the ring,
you'd have to take the
guy that came with it,
and you didn't want him.
[sighs]
You know what? You're right.
I'm always right.
Name one other time
you were right, ever.
Titanic.
What, that you didn't go on it?
The movie.
Everyone said it was no good,
and I said, "Give this
little boat picture a try."
What are you talking about?
It's themost popular movie
of all time.
Thanks to me.
♪ Somewhere out there
♪ Beneath the pale moonlight
♪ Why
♪ Do, dah-dah, dee...
What are you doing?
I'm singing the Titanicsong.
That's Fievel, the mouse
from An American Tail.
We'll rent it tonight.
You'll see.
Ooh! Ice cream.
What? We're almost there.
DQ! DQ!
Exit, exit, exit!
No! You can get ice
cream at the hotel.
We came here
to make me feel better,
and a chocolate Blizzard
would make me feel better.
[chanting]:
DQ! DQ!
DQ! DQ! DQ!
DQ! DQ!This may be why
I disappeared so much
when you were a kid.DQ! DQ!
DQ! DQ! DQ! DQ!
♪ Even though I know
how very far apart we are ♪
♪ It makes me happy to think
♪ We might be wishing
on the same star... ♪
What is happening here?
Love theme from Titanic.
What can I do you for, Officer?
Any reason you don't
have plates on this car?
We don't?
[chuckles]
Well, uh, daughter's car.
She's inside getting ice cream.
You're gonna have
to take it up with her.
You're the only one here, so
I'm taking it up with you.
Okay.
[inhales sharply]
If I had to hazard a guess--
new car,
plates are probably in a pile
of unopened bills on her desk,
and if you bug her about it,
you're gonna get a bit
of an earful.
Hmm. License and
registration.
Man, must be a slow
crime day in... nowhere.
This make you feel
like a big man?
[handcuffs click]
Ow! Pinchy! Pinchy!
I was gone for five minutes!
What did you do?
I ran out on some parking
tickets 20 years ago,
which wasn't a problem
until we came to Nevada,
and you didn't put
your license plates on!
I told you
I'll get to it.
Oh. Okay then. No hurry.
All right, let's go.
Wait, wait, wait. Give me a lick
of that before they lock me up.
Ooh. Brain freeze! Brain freeze!
Can you actually type
with those sausages?
I do all right.
Well, pick up the pace.
We've got hot stone massages
at 5:00.
I told you,
this one's got a mouth on her.
Check out the space
between his eyes.
Hey, hey,
no talking in code.
Listen, Officer,
this is all my fault.
I'm the one who forgot to
put the plates on my car.
Hey, Sarg, you want me
to write her up for that?
I could write her up for that.
Look, Terry,
why don't you head over
to the middle school,
and see if they finished
repainting that crosswalk?
On it. Call me if things
go sideways with String Bean.
That's you.
We have codes, too.
All right, Ms. Plunkett,
follow me.
Oh. Oh, come on.
Is this really necessary?
Can't we just pay?
Oh, sure, if you have $2,185.
Get in there.
If you don't want me in here
for murder, call Adam,
have him transfer the money
to your account,
and then go
to an ATM and get it.
Is there a bank nearby?
No, but there's a hotel
12 miles south of here
with a high-limit ATM.
Okay, I'll be back
as soon as I can.
Hey, real quick.
Isn't that a lot of ring
for someone you just met?
Go!Right, right.
Hotel, 12 miles north.
South!
Got it.
So which gang do I have
to join to survive in here?
[laughing]: Wait. She's actually
in a little jail cell
like Otis the drunk?
I don't know who that is.
You know, Mayberry?
Andy Griffith, Opie.
CHRISTY: Adam.It's so funny.
Otis would get drunk and then
lock himself in the cell.
Boy, self, cell,
that's hard to say.
Do you get high the minute
my mom goes out of town?
Eh, pretty much.
Can you transfer
the bail money or not?
On one condition:
you get a video of her
raking a tin cup
across the bars. [laughs]
I don't get that either.
Stop being old and just
send me the money.
Yeah, yeah.
How much was it again?
$2,150.
I can handle the rest.
Well, how much is the rest?
$35.
I'll send it right now.
Thanks. Bye.
[crowd cheering on TV]
[chuckles]
Mmm.
Oh, yeah.
Uh...
Can I ask you a question?
I don't know.
I'm pretty busy in here.
How did you rack up 17 parking
tickets over one weekend?
What the hell was going on
December, 1999?
Y2K was going on.
A lot of dummies thought
the world was gonna end.
Not just dummies.
Continue.
I had this boyfriend,
Dale-- Dwayne...
that doesn't matter.
Anyway we realized,
people freaking out,
good time to sell
a lot of drugs.
So we hopped in our car with
our hearts full of hope
and a trash bag full
of Mexican Quaaludes.
You do know you have the right
to remain silent?
Yeah, that's never been
my thing.
Anyway, we promptly got
really high
and forgot where
we parked the car.
Donny.
No.[ringtone plays]
Hey, honey.
[sighs]
What'd she do now?
Oh, God.
No. I-I can't pick her up.
I have someone in the cell.
Well, then,
just let her sit there.
That'll teach her... something?
[sighs]
Yeah, a-all right.
All right.
I-I got to go.
What'd she do?
Huh? What?
I know what a
"my daughter screwed up"
phone call sounds like.
You got one, too?
You just met her.
Oh, she seemed okay.
Yeah, sure, now,
after I cleaned her up.
I pretty much saved her life.
Drugs, alcohol,
stripping, gambling--
name a problem, she's had it.
Gambling?
We lost our house 'cause
the Packers didn't cover.
Huh.What?
Well, I just sent her
to an ATM machine in the middle
of a casino.
Huh.
♪
[cheering]
Mom's in jail.
Oh, come on. It's not
the end of the world.
I took a swing
at my teacher
when I was your
daughter's age.
And look at you now.
I just don't get it.
For 15 years,
Sarah was my little girl.
She told me everything.
And one day,
she walks into her bedroom,
she closes the door,
and I haven't seen her since.
I got news for you,
it's only gonna get harder.
But don't give up on her.
Sure, you're gonna want to pack
your bags and take off,
leave her to fend for herself,
and who could blame you?
Who does that to a child?
No one.
You kinda sounded like you
were ready to split.
I just said it was hard.All right, all right.
I was just working with
what you were giving me.
Another soda?
I'm good.
So what's to stop me from just
making a run for it right now?
Nothing, really.
But it's 110
degrees out there
and we're in the
middle of nowhere.
Right. Right.
[cheering]
Yo-leven![cheering]
Don't you leave, sugar,
you're my good luck.
Let her ride!
[cheering]
[gasping]
It's...
hot out there.
You see any snakes?
Six.
Yeah.
Come on, baby, work with me.
Anything but seven.
Seven out.
No! That's my mom's bail money!
I can give you a coupon
to the buffet.
Can I bet it?
You are paying me
a hundred dollars an hour;
at some point, we should
probably work on your serve.
Oh, please, we both know
I'm a better tennis
player than you.
[ringtone plays]
[sighs]
Oh, my God, what?
I'm in the middle of
a tennis lesson.
I am so sorry,
but it's an emergency.
My mom just got arrested
and I need to borrow
two grand for bail.
Arrested?CHRISTY: Yeah.
It happened five minutes ago.
You're the first person
I thought of to call.
Aw. Aw.
Text me something
about your account.
I got to go. Bye.
This is her last year.
She's adorable.
This is her now.
Wow, that's a lot
of eyeliner.
Yeah, and you
really notice it
since she shaved
her head.
Uh, Christy was a pretty
difficult teenager, too,
though some of that was
hormones from the pregnancy.
Oh, God.
Just keep trying.
She's gonna keep
pushing you away,
but one day that bedroom
door will open again
and she'll be glad
you're standing there.
I hope you're right.
I'm always right.
Never in a million years
would I have thought
I'd have such a wonderful,
loving relationship
with my daughter.CHRISTY: Mom.
Where the hell have you been?
I thought you left me here
to rot!
Darling.
I'm sorry.
We'll talk about it in the car.
Pay the man.
I can't.
Oh, God, Christy,
you gambled Adam's money.
I did.
[sighs]
So then I called Jill.
And you gambled
Jill's money, too?
It all happened so fast.
I'm not sure
I understand pai gow.
So what, I'm gonna do hard time
for parking tickets?
Yes... 'cause your
daughter's a loser.
That's why Patrick didn't
want to be with me,
that's why I didn't
get into law school,
that's why I hit
on a soft 19.
Oof.I know, right?
Okay. Well, what time's dinner?
You know, Bonnie,
these computers
can be a bit glitchy.
Damn it, Gene,
I've got enough on my plate
without worrying
about your problems.
I'm saying,
maybe your arrest record
somehow disappeared.
How about...
you take care
of your daughter,
I'll go take care of mine?
Really?
Really.
Christy, go outside and
pull the car right up
to the front door and blast
the air conditioning.
That I can do.
Watch out for snakes.
Thank you.
And hang in there
with your daughter.
Don't be discouraged by this.
Roger that.
Bonnie?
Yeah.
Never come back to Nevada.
I'll add it to the list.
Hey, you missed
the exit for the spa.
We can't go to the spa.
Why not?
Because I don't deserve it.
Stupid pai gow.
I do.
I'm covered in jail stink,
and I'm getting
a salt scrub.
I don't know what it is,
I may hate it,
but I'm getting it.
Followed by a selection
of artisanal cheeses
I saw on the website.
That does sound nice.
Oh, no cheese for you.
You're staying in the room.
You can look out the window,
but only at the parking lot,
not at the mountain.
That seems fair.
Okay, I'll double back.
[siren chirps]
Son of a bitch.
You didn't do anything illegal
in Nevada, did you?
I guess we're gonna find out.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org